what is this place
welcome to the school for the gifted we
are now seeing the beginnings of another
stage of human evolution
the truth is mutants are very real and
they are among us
here you have the chance to be part of
something much bigger than yourself
forget everything you think you know
you're not kids anymore
[Music]
you're x-men the war still coming
Charles and I intend to fight it you are
so ready for this a new tomorrow starts
today the world is on the brink
[Music]
she's changing what
when is controller
that
but it feels
[Music]
tell me how we fix this trough
threatening me that's right
the right to fear me
[Music]